So, my name is Toni Childress.
I'm Director of Tech Pubs at Apple.
And what we're going to do today is
show you how you can effectively use
the documentation to do your job,
okay,
in the tasks that you do as developers.
So, what we're going to do is we're
going to actually demo a range of
content and how you access that.
We also have a surprise guest,
and I'm going to save the guest
until after the demo as added
incentive to get you guys to,
you know,
recover from last night and stick
around and hear what he has to say.
We're trying to provide
documentation every way you like it.
And based on feedback that
we got from last year's WPBs,
we know that you want to
have the material locally,
you know, on your hard disk.
You want to have it integrated
with your development environment.
When you go to the web,
you want to have quick
and easy searching.
You know, you want to have printed
books and so forth.
So, we've been working really hard to
put in place procedures to author
and publish and deliver documentation
so that I think that we can deliver
it to you every way you like it.
And where we can't,
we're partnering with third
parties to be able to do it.
So, here's what we're going to do.
We're going to go through a
couple of developer scenarios.
And these are generally
applicable on how you would use
the documentation to do a task.
So, we're going to go through
Cocoa app development,
particularly using Project Builder
and sort of hardcore Carbon porting.
and here's what you'll learn.
Key document titles.
These are titles that
everyone should have,
you know, on your bookshelf or
your virtual bookshelf.
The easiest way to access them,
using Project Builder to search
API reference in particular,
okay?
And then our newest venue,
which we're going to
hold off until later.
So to do that,
I'm going to introduce a couple of
our writing managers here at Apple,
and I hope that they have
recovered sufficiently.
The first fellow,
he manages our Cocoa and
Developer Tools documentation.
His name is Matt Rollefsson.
And the second guy,
he manages our Carbon and
Core Technologies,
and that's Tony Francis.
So we're going to take you
through a few developer scenarios,
some typical ways you
might access documentation.
But before we do that,
I want to talk a little bit about
some key titles that we've come
out in the past little while.
So how many of you
were at WWDC last year?
see last year.
Fair number.
So you all received, at that point,
a preliminary version of
the system overview book.
So what do you think of that book?
Helpful?
Not helpful?
Thumbs up, thumbs down, don't care?
Who read it?
Okay, at least people read it.
Hopefully you found it helpful.
In the time since then,
we've come out with a revised version.
It is no longer marked as preliminary.
It is a good bit thicker
than it used to be.
And it's got updated
information about localization,
booting, integration,
and various other bits and pieces.
So it's available from
Fatbrain in this form.
You can also get it on our
website in HTML and PDF.
And it's also available on your CD.
So, Tony, I think you've got a book that
people might be interested in.
Sure.
One thing that every application
developer needs to consider,
whether you're developing
a Cocoa application,
Java, or Carbon application,
is the user interface
for your application.
So those of you with new applications,
or those of you porting your
existing classic Mac applications,
you should get this book.
The brand new version of the
AquaHuman Interface Guidelines became
available in the middle of this week.
We released an earlier version of this,
a preliminary draft, in January,
and a bunch of you downloaded
100,000 copies of this book,
so we know you're paying attention.
This book has been updated now,
it's final,
and it includes some additional
information about creating icons,
and there's a new chapter
on user domain directories.
There's more information about
localization and accessibility,
and a lot of additional illustrations.
You can find this book and download
it for free at developer.apple.com
or as you can see here,
it's also available in hard
copy version from fatbrain.com.
And it'll be, they'll have it to you in
a couple of weeks or so,
if you order it today.
All right,
I've got one more title I think you
guys might be somewhat interested in.
So how many of you have code
running on Mac OS X right now?
How many of you wish that
that code would run faster?
So one thing that we've heard from folks
pretty consistently is that Mac OS X's
got a lot of great features to it.
There's a lot of neat things there,
but performance is not as
good as it could be and not
as good as it needs to be.
Now there's some things that
we can do to improve that,
and we're working really hard on those.
But there are also things that you
can do to make your applications
run as fast as possible on Mac OS.
And to help you out with that,
we've got a book called
Inside Mac OS X Performance.
Think we could come up with better
names for some of these books,
Toni?
We'll work on that too.
Anyways, this is also available from
Fatbrain on the website,
on the CD that you got
with your WWDC materials.
So take a look at it.
Use those tips.
Make your code run great.
And hopefully we will all have a
lot of really spiffy applications
for customers to go out and buy.
Raleigh,
I have a question for the audience.
How many of you made it
to the party last night?
Yeah, that was a lot of fun.
You guys should come back more often.
That was great.
Of you all, how many of you are creating
brand new Carbon applications?
A few of you, huh?
Then I hope you'll be sure to read the
new Learning Carbon book from O'Reilly.
I hope you already got it at the
O'Reilly booth here at the conference,
or you bought a copy from
Developer Depot while you were here.
A number of Apple writers with a lot of
help from Apple engineering prepared this
book because many of you requested an
introductory Carbon Programming Guide.
So there's System Overview,
there is AquaHuman Interface Guidelines,
the Performance Book, Learning Carbon.
These are some of the books
that we've completed since
we all met last year at WWDC.
Besides writing these high-level guides,
we at TechPubs also write
about the down and dirty,
low down, delta singing API documentation
that you need to get your job done.
My writing group, in particular,
has been busy documenting
Carbon porting information.
So how many of you out there are
actively carbonizing your code?
How many of you are planning to start
a Carbon project in the near future?
Okay, great.
Well, hopefully this will be of
particular interest to you.
Raleigh and I will show you how
to get the information you need
to carbonize your application.
First, let's take a look at what you got
on your Mac OS X Developer Tools CD.
Here at the conference,
many of you have told us that you want
documentation local to your system.
So we're supplying all of our
developer documentation as
part of the Developer Tools CD,
distributed with every copy of Mac OS X.
By the way, Apple is planning to release
periodic updates of the
Mac OS X Developer Tools CD with updated
documentation to registered developers.
The Developer Tools CD that you got
here at the conference is the first
installment of this update series.
When you install the packages
on the Developer Tools CD,
you get a bunch of great programming
tools and the Developer Help Center.
The Developer Help Center provides
all of the documentation that
Apple supplies for Mac OS X development.
The Developer Help Center is displayed
by the Help Viewer application.
The Help Viewer is the
built-in Mac OS X facility
for displaying on-screen help.
Let's take a look at the Carbon area.
From the
Carbon Developer Documentation page,
you gain access to over 20,000
pages of documentation for nearly
100 Carbon-compatible managers.
As you can see,
this page is organized by topic.
We try to make all of our books
available in both PDF and HTML.
Now, we don't have all of our
books in both formats yet,
but we're getting there.
Notice the Related Resources banner
at the top of the page.
Under this topic,
there's a link to the Carbon Porting
Tools and information.
Rolle, let's follow that link.
Here you'll find the books, the tools,
and the TechNote articles
that are particularly valuable
to your porting efforts.
Let's take a closer look at
the Carbon Porting Guide.
Clicking the link for this
particular title opens a
PDF formatted version of the book.
The Carbon Porting Guide is an essential
resource for those of you bringing
your Mac applications forward to X.
This book offers a cookbook list
of changes to make your code
Carbon compliant and offers step-by-step
explanations of how to port a sample
application and offers an example of
how to adopt the new Carbon event model.
The book is available on your developer
tool CD for you to read online,
but the main reason we make
documents available in PDF format
is so that you can print them.
Many of you have told us that you
prefer to read hard copy documentation,
at least part of the time.
In addition to sending the
Carbon Porting Guide to your printer,
you can also take it on disk to a
reproduction service like a Kinko's
and they'll print it for you.
So many of you have asked us to
print the documentation for you.
Well, we've made the selected
documents available as bound
books through fatbrain.com.
The Carbon Reporting Guide is
one of these titles.
You can link to order forms for this
and other important developer books,
like the Human Interface Guidelines
and Mac OS X Performance,
directly from the Developer Help Center.
Well, let's return to the
Help Viewer application,
where the Carbon Porting Tools and
Information page is displayed.
Right here, you'll find a link to order
that book from Fat Brain.
Click here,
and if you're connected to the internet,
you'll go directly to the
order page at fatbrain.com.
Well,
as the Carbon Reporting Guide explains,
an essential first step in carbonizing
an application is to analyze
it with the Carbon Dator tool.
Returning to the Help Viewer,
we'll show you that we've provided a
link to Carbon Dator from this page.
The tool itself is not
included on the CD.
You use it in conjunction with the
Apple developer website because we want
to make sure that you always get the
latest and greatest porting information.
When you use CarbonDater,
it will produce an
HTML Carbon compatibility
report for your application.
This customized document lists
function calls and code usage from your
application that you may need to change,
along with suggestions about
how to make those changes.
So here's an example of the first
page of the Carbon Compatibility
Report for Traffic Light.
The Traffic Light application is used as
a porting example in the porting guide.
Traffic Light,
some of you veterans may remember,
is an old, old sample application that
DTS wrote years and years ago.
And the writer of the Carbon Porting
Guide used it as an example for porting.
When the writer received
his Carbon Compatibility
Report for Traffic Light,
he saw that among other
unsupported functions,
the application was calling the old
WindowManager function "CloseWindow."
The Carbon Compatibility Report noted
that "CloseWindow" is not supported
because Carbon applications don't
allocate their own memory for Windows.
The Report noted that
"DisposeWindow" should be used
in the place of "CloseWindow."
If you receive this information
in your application's
Carbon Compatibility Report,
you'll probably want to look
at the documentation for both
Close Window and Dispose Window.
If you want to find
documentation for an API,
just ask for it.
Last ask help viewer, O'Reilly,
for the documentation for closed window.
The Help Viewer application
returns a list of search hits,
ranked by relevancy.
This search facility works for the rest
of the API documentation on your tool CD.
Documentation for Cocoa, QuickTime,
Core Technologies, and so forth.
Clicking the most relevant link
takes us to the formal reference
documentation for Close Window.
You see that this function is
tagged as unsupported in Carbon.
As you scroll to the bottom
of the page for Close Window,
we see the Carbon porting notes.
These notes also appear in the
compatibility report for Traffic Light.
These notes include the
prescription to use Dispose Window.
Let's take a look at the
documentation for Dispose Window.
We can also look at the Dispose
Window documentation in Help Viewer.
But currently,
Help Viewer doesn't support
multiple browser windows.
It would be really nice to be
able to have a window open for
both Close Window and Dispose
Window to compare the two.
So until Help Viewer
supports multiple windows,
most of us use a web browser
when we're intensively studying
API documentation like this.
In case you're not already doing this,
O'Reilly and I will show you how.
When you install the Developer Tools CD,
you get a Developer folder.
Inside that folder is
a Documentation folder.
There you'll find all the
developer documentation that's
in the Developer Help Center.
Let's take a look at the Carbon folder.
You'll see that it contains additional
folders and a single HTML file,
Carbon.html.
Let's open this file.
If this page looks remarkably similar
to the one displayed by Help Viewer,
that's because Internet Explorer is
using the very same HTML source
that Help Viewer uses.
We can find a exposed window by
going to the function index under
the site information banner at the
top of the page and then navigating
down to the relevant documentation.
But, forget it, Raleigh,
finding information this
way is kind of pokey.
Browsers don't return the type
of rapid search results that
we saw help viewer return.
Sherlock does, however.
So let's quickly index a portion of the
Carbon developer documentation and use
Sherlock to find what we're looking for.
Raleigh and I happen to know
that Close Window and Dispose
Window are window manager calls.
So to expedite our indexing task,
right now we'll index just the
Human Interface Toolbox documentation
by dragging its folder onto Sherlock.
And then Sherlock on 10
automatically indexes this for us.
After clicking the
checkbox for this folder,
we're ready to search its contents.
"Rolley,
take a look at the close window."
We've tagged these guys so that the
API reference page automatically
becomes the most relevant hit for you.
So it's always at the top of the list.
Let's take a look at the
documentation for Dispose Window.
We find that by dragging the result
onto the IE icon in the dock,
we get a separate window.
And now we have two windows open,
so we can compare the two calls.
We,
uh... You need a cinema display so you
can really see them next to each other.
We see that the functions
are very similar.
Both take the same window
reference as a parameter.
And so we can see that substituting
disposeWindow for closeWindow
will be a piece of cake.
So now you know that we have
tens of thousands of pages of
Carbon documentation available for you on
your system in an easily searchable form.
And thousands of pages are
also there that you can print.
And if you don't want to
print a document yourself,
Fat Brain will gladly do it for you.
However, many of you also want the
absolute latest documentation.
Because while we're
periodically updating the CD,
many of you can't stand to use stale,
two-month-old documentation.
Well, it's our mission to give you
documentation every way you want it.
And if you want it timely,
you'll be glad to know that we
update our website just about daily.
Let's look at the
Carbon Developer Documentation
website then.
It's at developer.apple.com/techpub/well,
just go to developer.apple.com and
navigate your way down to our website.
This page looks very similar
to the one that you saw in the
developer center on your disk.
That's because we basically take a
snapshot of our website the day that
we submit our content to the CD.
But by the next day,
we're already updating the website.
Let's see what's new to this site.
Have you seen this, Raleigh?
Raleigh's been sick all week.
Not recently.
He's been sick all week.
He's been missing out
on a lot of the fun.
He just looks hungover.
He's not really hungover.
So if you look at new and updated
documentation from the Carbon page,
you'll see that we see a list of
the documents that have been added
and revised so far this month.
Let's jump over to the
Mac OS X Developer Doc home page.
and we'll look at the new
Core Technologies page.
We just added this in
the middle of the week.
From this page you'll find links
to some Quartz 2D documentation.
In particular we have a brand
new document that's really nice.
It's called Drawing with Quartz 2D.
You'll also find documentation here,
a bunch of printing documentation.
And we'll also be adding some
core audio and image capture
documentation here soon.
So come back periodically
and check out our site.
Better yet,
become a registered Apple developer
and we'll tell you what's new.
You'll receive a notification of new
and updated documentation automatically
through a weekly email newsletter.
If you're not a registered developer,
go to the ADC booth here in
the Internet Cafe and join.
There's always the free online
program that will get you this
email newsletter to let you
know what documentation is new.
And, hey, it's free.
You might as well join, huh?
I hope this has given those of
you starting your Carbon porting
efforts some help on where and how
to find the documentation you need.
Plus, consider those of you interested
in Cocoa documentation.
Rolle manages that effort,
so now he'll guide you through a
few more of our documentation access
features with your needs in mind.
Thanks, Toni.
So one of the things that we didn't
go over that you might find useful,
especially when accessing the website,
is that we've got-- Apple search, right?
We've got Sherlock plugin.
We've got plugins that you can download
that will allow you to do custom
Sherlock searches of the website,
you know,
getting relevant hits for the specific
area that you're interested in.
So the search functionality
is available on the website,
but the default just
searches all of the area.
You can download these Sherlock plugins,
which are--we've got links scattered
at strategic areas on our site.
And you can use those to search just
in Carbon or just in Cocoa or just
in QuickTime or whatever area of the
documentation you're most interested in.
Okay.
How many of you are working
on a Cocoa application?
Okay, a few of you.
How many of you are just learning Cocoa?
whole bunch.
So, in order to help you sort
of get your feet wet,
I imagine you have already seen
this book and picked a copy up.
We wrote this book to try and give
people a good start and introduction
to all of the different parts of Cocoa.
A nice tutorial,
really hands on introduction
of how do I use this stuff?
How do I get my head around it?
So, we hope that you find that extremely
useful as you're coming up to speed
on Cocoa and then you'll start diving
down into some more of the specific
reference material that we've got.
So, Toni,
let's take a look at Project Builder
and see what Project Builder looks like.
So Project Builder is the integrated
development environment that's
provided by Apple for your use.
And as such,
it's pretty much the center of
your universe as you're developing.
Because we have documentation on the
hard drive that ships with Mac OS X,
and because we write the IDE,
we can take advantage of
some integrations between the
environment you're using to
develop and the documentation.
So if we just look in Project Builder,
it's got a help menu.
And it has links not only to online
help about Project Builder itself,
but also to the different technology
areas that we might be interested in.
So let's take a look first at Cocoa Help.
So when you click on Cocoa Help,
Project Builder brings up Help Viewer,
brings us to the
Cocoa Documentation home page.
You'll see that the Cocoa home
page is designed very much like
the Carbon home page and all of
the other home pages that we have.
This is not an accident.
We want to make it as easy as
possible for you to get oriented to
the pages and understand where you
are so you can access things quickly.
We've got site information,
getting started, related resources,
and then reference documentation,
programming topics, what have you.
So, down in the programming topics area,
we have conceptual material
that is related to the
material in the API reference.
Now you may find as you're
looking through this documentation
that it is not complete yet.
We've been working on it.
We will continue to flesh it out and look
for updates over the next several months
that will be more and more complete.
For now, your best bet when
learning specific things,
when trying to get a general
idea of what's going on,
is to check out this book for specifics.
You can come here.
You can also check out the
reference pages themselves,
the actual spec sheets.
Okay.
No.
So, documentation is great.
Tutorial information
helps you get up to speed.
Documentation gives you
an idea of what you need.
But sometimes you've got a specific
problem and the documentation
doesn't directly tell you how
to address that specific problem.
It tells you how to do lots and lots
of different things with a class,
but it doesn't necessarily show
you exactly what do I need to
do in order to say animate a
progress bar and just display it.
So, for things like this,
source code can often
be your best friend.
And examples are a really good way of
seeing how to do very specific things.
and the rest of the
Mac OS X development team.
The Mac OS X Documentation
is the underlying foundation,
if you will, portion of Cocoa,
where you have things like strings
and Unicode support and collections,
arrays, dictionaries, what have you.
So, if you're interested in how that
stuff works and seeing some examples,
Foundation's the place to look.
If you're interested in
some of the GUI widgets,
AppKit is the place that has examples.
There are a whole bunch of
really interesting examples,
some of them very, very complete.
Sketch, for example, is a demonstration.
Drawing application.
And it's got a whole lot
of information in it.
For now, let's take a look at a
somewhat more simple one,
which is Rulers.
We go and double click on rulers.pbproj.
It goes ahead and opens
up in Project Builder.
And from here you can use
Project Builder's normal
browsing abilities to take a
look through the source code.
So another integration between
Project Builder and our documentation
is API reference lookup.
So Project Builder knows where the
documentation is located and also what
form it takes in your source code.
So if you go ahead and
index your project,
Project Builder understands
is this a class?
Is this a method?
What is this particular symbol?
And it can then go and ask
Help Viewer to display the
documentation for that symbol,
if it's available.
So if we scroll down here,
we see there's this interesting line,
mainBundle equals NSBundle mainBundle.
So first of all,
what exactly is NSBundle?
Let's see if there's
documentation on that.
So you go to the Find menu,
and you see there's this nice menu item
that said Find Selected Definition.
Go ahead and select that.
It does a find for us,
finds a whole bunch of different results,
showing one of the interesting
features of Objective-C,
which is categories,
where there are categories that
come from different source files
that actually extend NSBundle.
But for now,
let's look at the main NSBundle.
So we see we've got the header file,
NSBundle.h, and right next to it,
there's this little book icon.
That book icon indicates that
Project Builder knows that there's some
help documentation available for this.
So if we click on that icon,
it brings up the NSBundle reference
sheet in Help Viewer.
And you can go through and read
all the different documentation
that's available there.
OK, let's go back to Project Builder.
Now let's say that I'm interested
in one specific method on NSBundle.
So here we're calling
NSBundle main bundle.
I want to know what does that do.
Again, I go, say,
find selected definition.
Comes back, tells me-- actually,
with a couple of hits,
there's a function,
CFBundle get main bundle,
which is sort of interesting.
But for now, let's take a look at the
NSBundle actual method.
So again, we click on the book icon.
It scrolls us directly to that method.
Alright.
So, that's a quick overview of
some of the ways that you
can access our documentation.
We've got reference material,
we've got conceptual material,
we have tutorials,
and we've got searching in Help Viewer,
searching in Project Builder, API Lookup,
documentation available
on your local disk,
on the website,
in hard copy from Frat Brain,
and also now in hard copy from O'Reilly.
So, hopefully we're getting
the documentation to you,
whichever way you want it,
and it'll help you get your job done.
Thanks very much, Toni.
Great.
So, to summarize,
you've got to get a hold
of these key titles,
okay?
If you're new to the 10 platform,
get oriented with the
system overview book.
It's been updated.
Get the Aqua Hig.
You know, get one of the new tutorials.
You know, if you're into Carbon porting,
I hope you started with
a Carbon porting guide.
You know, no matter what you're doing,
you know,
where you are in your development cycle,
get the new performance book
because that's really cool.
You know, on the developer CD that
we shipped in March,
there was over 200
megabytes of material on it.
There's more than that on the CD that
you got here at the conference,
and there's even more on the website.
As you can see,
we're putting stuff up sort of weekly.
So, there's lots of material
out there for you.
You can access a lot of different ways.
Don't forget searching
from Project Builder.
And lastly, I want to talk a little
bit about O'Reilly,
and you can tell what's coming here.
So... I hope you're as pleased as I am.
And as Apple is, and as we all are,
that O'Reilly has decided to move
into the Macintosh developer market.
You know, O'Reilly is probably
the most well-respected
publisher of developer books.
In the universe, you know.
They're incredibly strong in
open source and Java and Unix,
where there's a lot of
interest around Mac OS X.
So it's my very great pleasure
to introduce Troy Mott.
He's the executive editor
at O'Reilly and Associates,
and he's going to talk a little
bit more about what it means
to you guys to have them,
you know,
join the Mac developer community
in the way of resources for you
in the future and a little bit
about our relationship with them.
Okay, Troy.
Good morning.
My name is Troy Mott.
I'm an executive editor at
O'Reilly and Associates.
I'm here this morning to tell you
a little bit about who we are,
what we do,
why we're interested in Mac OS X,
and a little bit of how we edit books,
and also about this O'Reilly-Apple
agreement and some of the
products we're creating.
As many of you may know,
O'Reilly and Associates
is where information,
we deliver information technology,
and we communicate expert
knowledge through books,
conferences, and websites.
Our books, of course,
most of them have the
animals on the cover,
and we've covered
technologies such as Unix,
Linux, Java, Perl, and many others.
We also have a conferences division,
and a good example of that is the
open source convention that we're
hosting in July of this year.
For our websites, there's O'Reilly.com,
and we also have an O'Reilly Network,
where we have a Mac Dev Center,
which is a collection of all sorts of
information and articles on Mac OS X,
which you can find at
O'ReillyNet.com slash Mac.
We even have a new product called Safari,
which is a subscription-based
service for online O'Reilly books.
For more information on any of this,
you can go to the O'Reilly
booth over in the Internet Cafe,
if you haven't been there already.
So first of all,
what do we find of interest with OS X?
Of course, the coupling of the stability
of Unix with the beauty of
Aqua is very compelling.
We're also very interested in the open
source nature of the Darwin kernel.
O'Reilly and Associates has
published a lot of documentation
to the open source community,
and Tim O'Reilly is very involved
in the different communities.
So our goal now is to deliver
the same high level of content
to Mac OS X developers.
You know,
the way we work editorially at O'Reilly
is a little bit unique for the industry.
Our editors are involved in all stages
of the process from acquisitions
to the developing of content,
working closely with an
author or group of authors.
Even involved in some levels of the book
going through production and marketing.
We work with product marketing managers.
So, what is the O'Reilly-Apple
Agreement all about?
Basically, we're delivering a new series
of Mac OS X developer books.
These books are reviewed by
Apple engineers and also recommended
by Apple Developer Connection.
So any books in this
series have the ADC logo,
which if you've seen,
I'm sure you've seen the
Cocoa or Carbon books,
you see the logo on the front, the spine,
and back cover.
I actually edited these two
books and it was a pleasure
for me working with Apple who
actually authored these two books.
The next book coming up in this
series is titled Apple Script in a
Nutshell by Bruce Perry and that will
be released in a couple of weeks.
I'm excited also about that title.
I look forward to fielding
any questions or hearing any
comments in the Q&A session,
part of the session, you know, following.
And thank you very much for your time.
So, these are the two books
that are available now.
There's new books coming up.
This is going to be a great
resource for you guys,
you know, out there.
You're going to be able to go into
a bookstore now and not have to
look for a MacBook on the shelf,
right?
You know?
We're now going to have MacBooks
on the shelf in the bookstore
along with all the Windows stuff.
So I hope you got one of your books here.
And this is going to be a
great thing for you guys.
Okay,
a little bit about staying up to date,
and Raleigh and Toni talked about this.
We're working like crazy on getting this
content for the new operating system,
but there's still stuff to do.
So check the ADC website for
new and updated documentation.
We put it up there regularly.
It's a hassle to do that,
so like Toni says, join the free ADC news
subscription thing,
because that's where we list the
titles that came out that week,
and it's an easy way to know what's new.
And just join the
selector premier programs.
You know,
get yourself in a position so you
can be eligible for seating programs,
where we do pre-release documentation
that gets out to you guys earlier,
you know,
than the final stuff that gets published.
So that's a good way, too.
So we're working on more content,
fixing some bugs in the material,
and working to improve the local access.
And I'd like to say a
little bit about that.
Toni and Raleigh demoed
the Apple Help Center,
which is... our viewing mechanism on 10
now for viewing developer documentation.
It's not yet feature complete
for features that developers
would want to use it,
you know.
So if you caught any of the
Project Builder sessions,
you know that we're working on
integrating documentation viewing more
closely into Project Builder itself.
And, in fact, we have a demo running
downstairs in the lab.
If you haven't checked it out,
you should go down there
and give us some feedback,
where you can see some of the features
that we're looking at to provide,
you know, as far as viewing features,
like the ability to bring up to Windows,
a fine panel that lets you
search down through a page,
copy and paste, you know,
man pages in HTML,
that kind of stuff that's really
tailored to a developer audience.
So if you haven't checked out
that demo and given us some
feedback on those features,
please do.
Okay, that's the lab,
one way to give us feedback.
Then we also have a feedback
link on the website,
which is where we get a lot
of comments from you folks,
so please keep them coming.
And then a roadmap.
There's a really interesting session
coming up right after this one on
the Darwin Documentation Project,
contributing documentation to the
Darwin Project using the HedrDoc
tool for creating documentation.
And I think this is actually of probably
broader interest than you might think.
I really recommend that you go to it.
For example,
if you're doing driver development
or I/O Kit or something like that,
I think you're going to find that the
Darwin site is a good resource for
you for technical materials as well.
So, you know, you might think about
catching this session.
It's coming right up.